Update datasets_download_using_command_line.md (#4328)
galaxyproject/training-material: faqs/galaxy/datasets_download_using_command_line.md

   > **``curl -o outfile '<link>' ``  
   > ``curl -o outfile --insecure '<link>'     # ignore SSL certificate warnings``  
   > ``curl -C - -o outfile '<link>'           # continue an interrupted download``**

> 4. For dataset collections and datasets within collections you have to supply your [API key](https://training.galaxyproject.org/training-material/faqs/galaxy/preferences_admin_api_key.html) with the request

Reviewer: ```suggestion
4. For dataset collections and datasets within collections you have to supply your [API key]({% link faqs/galaxy/preferences_admin_api_key.md %}) with the request
```
